Update principle 1 open #16 (#17)
ENEROFoundry/ENEROFoundry: docs/principles/1_open.md

- The use of a [Creative Commons Attribution 4.0 International (CC-BY-4.0)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/legalcode.en) is possible but not recommended (see [discussion](https://opensource.stackexchange.com/questions/9242/why-does-creative-commons-recommend-not-using-cc-by-licenses-for-software)).

Recommendation: <br>
To reflect the dual nature of ontologies as both databases and software, we encourage to use the **dual license** “CC0 1.0 OR MIT” or equivalent.

The license MUST be clearly stated using the http://purl.org/dc/terms/license property followed by the URL representing the license (e.g. https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/legalcode.en) in the ontology file ([OWL example](https://oboacademy.github.io/obook/reference/formatting-license/)).

### Technical implementation: 
OEO Foundry ontologies MUST specify the reuse constraints using the `dcterms:license` annotation in any publicly released OWL version of the ontology. <br>
Example: <br>
`<dcterms:license rdf:datatype="&xsd;anyURI">[http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT</dcterms:license](http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT%3c/dcterms:license)>`

> ### Ontology re-use: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Ontology reuse: 
```

> Any ontology re-using individual terms from another ontology should

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any ontology reusing individual terms from another ontology should
```

> -	re-use the original terms IRI and 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-	re-use the original term's IRI and 
```
not sure, though. @amanda-wein ?

Reviewer 2: This should be "reuse the original terms' IRIs and".

> -	re-use the original terms IRI and 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-	reuse the original terms' IRI and 
```

-	use an `IAO:imported from` annotation http://purl.obolibrary.org/obo/IAO_0000412 on each imported term 

> -	to link back to the group (i.e. ontology) maintaining it, where more information would be available about the license include any annotations for term or definition editors from the original ontology

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-	include all annotations of the term including definition, authors, contributors, or editors from the original ontology
```
